Time Stamper by Benjamin Fertig (2022)

To make notes, you must first select an output file.
Press the "Choose output location" button and select an output file.
You should choose a file that ends in ".txt".
If you do not have an output file, you should create one.

Once you have selected an output file, press the record button.
This will allow you to start saving notes.

To save a note, type it into the text box at the bottom of the screen and then click on the "Save note" button.
Saving a note will record that note (along with the current timetsamp) in the output file you selected.
To cancel a note, press the "Cancel note" button.
Both the "Cancel note" and "Save note" buttons will clear the input text box.

The current timestamp is displayed to the left of the input box at the bottom of the window.
The current timestamp will be synchronized with the timer until you
press the timestamp button (located directly below the timestamp, to the left).
When you press the timestamp button, the timestamp will be set to the
exact reading that the timer was at when you pressed the button.

To clear a timestamp, press the clear timestamp button (located to the right of the timestamp button).
Doing so will unfreeze the timestamp reading, resynchronizing it with the timer.

As long as the timer is not running, you can manually edit the time in the bottom-right corner.
The next time you press play or record, the timer will start at the time you entered.

The pause and play buttons will pause and resume the timer.

The stop button will stop the timer and also allow you to select a new output file.

The rewind and fast-forward buttons will rewind/fast-forward the timer
the amount of seconds that you specified directly below the buttons.

If you have multiple output files whose notes you would like to merge and sort
based on their timestamps, click the "Merge output files" button, then select all of the
output files containing timestamped notes you would like to merge, and then click "Open"
(you can select multiple files using ctrl+click on Windows or command+click on Macs).
You will then be prompted to select another file. This is where your merged notes will be saved to.
Once you select a file to save your merged notes to, your notes will be merged.